To start an infinite amount of hosting the world of opportunity opens!

Free space on the house guest and generate to share revenue.

MORE

-------------------------------------------------------
London accommodation
\79231 A private room located in London.

¡Ú¡Ú¡Ú¡Ú¡Ú Of the 382

-------------------------------------------------------
Reporting Instances of Intellectual Property Violations

NOTE: This policy addresses copyright and trademark concerns relating to content accessible on or through Yahoo¡¯s Services, other than Bing search results. For copyright or trademark concerns about search results powered by Bing (including, but not limited to, Sponsored Listings and Ads results), please click on the relevant sections under Resources to contact Microsoft directly.

Yahoo responds to effective and complete notices of intellectual property violations that provide specific information for us to identify and locate the allegedly infringing materials. In appropriate instances, we will remove allegedly infringing materials. Upon review, we may decline to remove allegedly infringing materials ? for example, if we determine they are not infringing, if we lack adequate information to determine that they are infringing, if we are unable to find the accused materials, or if the materials are protected by the fair use doctrine, among other reasons.

Please note, under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (¡°DMCA¡±), section 512(f), any person that knowingly materially misrepresents that activity is infringing may be liable for damages, including costs and attorney¡¯s fees. If someone has posted your original work (for example, a photo you took, or an article you wrote) without your permission, you may want to seek legal guidance to find out if your intellectual property rights have been infringed. Yahoo is unable to provide you with legal advice regarding copyright, trademark or other intellectual property matters.

Copyright Notices

If you believe that work residing or accessible on or through Yahoo¡¯s Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement to Yahoo's Agent for Notice with the following information (your ¡°Notice¡±):

Identification of the work or material that you claim has been infringed. If this material exists online, please provide a URL. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location on the Yahoo network, with sufficient detail so that Yahoo is capable of finding the material and verifying its existence (e.g., in most circumstances, we will need a URL). Contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or law. A statement by you that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner¡¯s behalf. A physical or electronic signature of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
-------------------------------------------------------
More destinations
Singapore

Singapore

75 hostels, 49 apartments, 20 capsule hotels, 12 resorts, 1 boat